nRF Desktop: SUIT semantic support (#17218)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/dfu.rst

>    For the nRF54H Series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Additionally, for the nRF54H Series, the following applies:
```

>    * Reported image size is set to zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The reported image size is set to zero.
```

>    * The booted image version is indicated using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The booted image version is indicated by:
```

     * Root manifest sequence number that is encoded in the build number field.

>      * Manifest semantic version if the SDFW supports semantic versioning (requires v0.6.2 and higher).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Manifest semantic version, if supported by the SDFW (requires v0.6.2 or higher).
```

>        Semantic version is encoded in the major, minor and patch fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The semantic version is encoded in the major, minor and patch fields.
```
